**Privacy Policy**

Michael McCulloch built the ScribeWriter app as an Open Source app. This SERVICE is provided by Michael McCulloch at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain information, limited to audio. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

**Log Data**

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect nothing and no information. If it crashes, I have no way of knowing.

**Cookies**

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. In addition, the app is not known to use third party libraries which uses cookies.

**Service Providers**

I have no third-party service providers.

**Security**

As no information is transmitted from your device by the app, nor is your audio saved in memory, the information you share with the Service is believed to be safe. However be aware that no computer system is perfectly safe. All security is made on a best-effort basis

**Links to Other Sites**

This Service has no links.

**Children’s Privacy**

I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. I encourage all children to never submit any personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services. I encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personally identifiable information to us through the Application and/or Services, please contact us. You must also be at least 16 years of age to consent to the processing of your personally identifiable information in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf).

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2023-01-21

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at mjm.play_scriber@fastmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
